Java Memory -
                        * There are two types of Java Memory, A. Stack Memory and B. Heap Memory *


A. Stack Memory :-
    1. In which, variables, local variables and object references gets stored. Also it stores primitive type of data like 
       int i = 5, float, double, byte
    2. with respect to image,In stack Memory, there is seperate stack for main memory and when we create another function, 
       other stack is created for that function (foo()) in the stack Memory
    from code and image - 
    3. from line 2, int i = 1 which is reference & it is getting stored in stack memory. 1 is stored because is it primitive dt.
    4. from line 3, created Object obj, when we create Object of class then its reference gets stored in stack memory. because 
       reference will be valid till the memory is valid. but object we created new Object(); will be created in heap memory.
    5. from line 4, created Undertaningmemory mem, when we create Object of class then its reference gets stored in stack 
       memory. because reference will be valid till the memory is valid. but object we created new Undertaningmemory(); will be created in heap memory.
    6. from line 5, whenever we call function mem.foo(obj) ,it started referencing 'Object', immediately substack is created    
       under the main stack, number of functions = number of boxes in stack memory, when function completed its work then its box from stack memory gets deleted automatically.
    7. from line 6, when we pass Object param in it function, then that param will be treated as local variable. But it is 
       referencing object we passed at line 5 in heap memory. It means object can be referred by multiple variables or reference
       so object can be referred by two variables which is stored in heap memory
    8. from line 7, str gets stored in stack memory
    9. whenever a method is invoked a new block is created in stack memory to hold local primitive value and reference to other 
       objects in the methods as soon as the method ends, the block in stack becomes unused and available for next method.
   10. stack memory size is very less compared to heap memory.
   11. stack memory is thread safe

B. Heap Memory  :- 
   1. In heap Memory, In which data is stored in unorganized manner.
   2. In which, actual values of variable and actual object gets stored.
   3. When we want to delete data from heap memory, then garbage collector comes into picture and checks if a particular object is
      not referred by any variable or reference, then it delete from the memory automatically in java whereas we have to do this manually in C++ language, Garbage collector only works in heap memory.
   4. from line 3, object we created new 'Object'(); will be created in heap memory.
   5. from line 4, object we created new Undertaningmemory(); will be created in heap memory. and mem will start referencing
      Undertaningmemory in heap memory
   6. from line 6, param will start referencing 'Object' in heap memory, so obj and param will refer to same object in heap.
   7. from line 7, str will refer param.toString();, which is actually string, toString method is use to convert object into 
      string ,(we will see these methods in Object class)
   8. Any object created in the heap space has global access and can be referenced from anywhere of the application.
   9. it means if we are passing reference to any particular object using method then it means many references can object can 
      have and can change value of that object.(imp imp imp imp imp imp to understand)
  10. stack memory is thread safe

   String Pool Area - it is a area where all strings gets stored, strings are heavily used in java.