Java Encapsulation : 
    1. Encapsulation is fundamental concept of OOPS that involves bundling data and methods into a single class, usually a class.
    2. It prevents outer classes from accessing and changing fields and methods of class, it also helps for data hiding.
    3. In Encapsulation we will learn about data hiding because as we know data security is even more important & Encapsulation let us do that.
    4. It can be achived by using access modifiers.
    5. same type of data stored into single file is called as encapsulation.
    6. Like in code, we have attached private variables in single class

Data Hiding : 
    1. Data hiding is way of restricting the access of our data members by hiding implementation details.
    2. Encapsulation also provides a way for data hiding.
    3. we use access modifiers to achieve data hiding.
    4. NOTE : people often use encapsulation for data hiding, but thats not entirely true. Encapsulation refers to bundling of related fields and methods together. This can use to achieve data hiding.
    5. Encapsulation in itself is not data hiding. It means Encapsulation can do more things & not just data hiding. data hiding is part of encapsulation.
    6. Data hiding can be done by using getter and setter method.

Getters and Setters : 
    1. Data hiding can be done by using getter and setter method.
    2. setter means sets the value of private variable.
    3. getter means access the value of private variable
    4. set method : public void setVariablename(){          <= it will set value for private variable in another class object
                        // code
                    }
    5. get method : public int getVariablename(){           <= it will get value from private variable in another class object
                        // code
                    }
    6. we can even apply conditions like when to execute getter and setter methods.


NOTE : code attached with this are to understand basics without packages and import, if want to know proper code then open these program (Macintosh > Uses > shikhilrane > Ideaprojects > Encapsulation) in intellij code editor